28/1:
- trying to work with the virtual machine give to as by eran
- reading the article 
- installing NS3 simulator
31/1:
- התנסות עם המכונה ו הסימולטור
- הרצת הסימולטור עם טסטים ( קבצי דוגמה)
- נתקעים באיך להוציא מידע מהריצות של הסימולטור על קבצי הדוגמה
2/1:
- פגישה עם עירן:
ביקשנו מעירן עזרה בנקודה שבה נתקענו, הוא עזר לנו עם הסמולציות, הבהיר לנו נקודות בקשר למאמר והראה לנו עוד מקורות מידע כדי להיעזר יבהם בשביל להתקדם.
- למדנו על tracing
- reading the result of each run of the  simulator using the reults_output file

5/2
we successfully made a simple simulation between client and server using TCP protocol over lte the code added " tcp_over_lte"
we changed the bandwith like the Article said , we noticed that using value 100 for the bandwith give us 20 MMhz 
we have read the tracing proccess in ns3 we decide to use the simple method by calculating the avg during the simulation 
then at the end we print the avg at the screen.


11/2 
we continued working on the code , we done some testing on the code as simulation scenario 1 , we changed the distance as follows : 250 , 750
1500 , 2500

at distance 250 we got 2.68 avg tcp throughput
at distance 750 we had same result 
at distance 2500 we got 2.3 
at distance 7500 we got 1.3 

as we see , our results getting close to article results for the distance , we can see here that the graph going up then at far distance 
getting down.

still trying to add packet lose probability as the article said.
16/2 
tried to install quic protocol from ns-3 appstore , but failed with building , im using ns3.40
i did what the ReadMe instruction told , but still didn't success to build it.
the error i keep getting undefind refernce to Quic files , or QuicHelper::install(..) not not found

17/2
i searched the internet about a solution and i found google groups for ns3 , they was talking about that problem from previous topics 
one solution was to install ns3.29 , i installed it and still didnt build
other solution said i should install ns3.32 and i did thats but still same problem

18/2 
i found a github link givig instruction how to install quic to ns3 , https://github.com/signetlabdei/quic
they asked for ns3.7 i installed it and went on instructions step by step and still didnt work got build errors 
i tried to install quic from another source called proto-quic but the problem was it needed something different with ns3
like another built in fuctions and compilers and didnt continue with installing.

22/2 
finally after a long effort we have succussfuly downloaded quic , we have found quiche library  https://github.com/SoonyangZhang/quic-on-ns3
and we had to install quiche library and changing some files and correcting some errors to complete 1 hour build , and after thats we had to add quic folder to ns3.33/src 
we can find quic folder in another library we should download quic-on-ns3-main 
and then do the ReadMe steps we have succussfuly run the first quic example , the quic code can be found in quic-first-example file 

25/2

we tried to work with quichie library and we found out that it doesnt contain the bulksendhelper for quic , so we had to make it from zero
but we failed trying.

27/2 
installed again quic from git , quic similar to quic module for ns3 , i had to install ns3.37 for this version of quic module,
and i successfully installed it and tested it for the first time.

5/3 

for past 2 days we been trying to get the same articale value for the simualtion , for ecample the fading , pathloss , maxbuffersize.
but we couldnt get to the same parameters they used in the simulation , and everytime i try to change the fading for example , i get 
constant throughput when i try to change distance , so after disccussion with eran we decided not to use them.

13/3

we had compared tcp and quic for the first scenario , and results can be found in quic_tcp_throughput folder.


